It was held behind Duncan Hall.
and see some of us that live there with the game on
Thursday, one for either Austin or College
Station. Those that live there, they go there on
Friday and Saturday with our chainsaws with our
sons to help us, and we would cut up what was left and
take it home. But no, there would only be some
little leftover log out at the side. They hadn't
been part of the bonfire at all. And the campus
folks were delighted that they didn't have to call
everyone. and we'd go cut it and burn it up. Let's
see. Describe Midnight Yell Frank.
If you had a date,
would the upper class then pick on you less? Your
junior and
senior year, your final year, was it in Texas?
When
you went through your theme, what did you think was
the head of it?
you
and your buddies.
But
as
a senior, did you and your buddy think about
getting sent over there?
Let me put an anecdote in here at this point. As dean
of faculties, I took to Musgrave in 71 or 72. I've
forgotten which. The provost from Columbia
University had come to speak in what we called the
Rudder Lectures. These were to honor President
Rudder's memory. And he was going to give one of
them at 8 o'clock April 21st. muster was then held,
I think, at 6 or 6.30. And it was in G. Raleigh White
Policy. And I said, sir, I'd like you to go with me to
this because it will help you to understand this
institution a bit more. And he said, oh, I've been
to things like that before. After all, I've been to
a lot of college campuses. I said, sir, I don't
think you really have been to anything like an
Aggie muster. It's rather distinctive. Well, as
we got to, and I could tell he was was going but
didn't want to go. He thought he was doing a favor.
As we got to calling the muster roll of the Aggies
that had died in the previous year, and
particularly as we heard the number of young men
who had graduated within the last three or four
years who had obviously gotten killed in Vietnam,
I mean, you heard the tone in some of their voices
because for some I answered present in my heart
because I'd had them in class. As we walked out, he
turned to me and he said, I understand this now.
You're correct. I haven't been to anything like
that before. I do understand the movement a little
bit. Let's see. Senior boots. How much did they
cost? Do you need it?
What
other special Aggie memorabilia? Oh.
other important treasured Aggie memorabilia?
All right, and the Aggie Ring. Aggie Ring, our word
to this day.
Do
you have any Aggie Ring stories involving you of
something that happened tied to the ring.
Somebody somewhere saw it or you lost it and
somebody found it. You already told me one. That's
going to come a little longer. I've really been
fooled.
Yeah,
I've
never heard any put down. And like today, our
son... who also went to A&M, he was saying how that
all of this coverage of the tragedy of the bonfire
is all done in a serious, positive note. Not any
hint of what were these dumb people doing, why were
they wasting news. There was nothing like that.
Like, yes, most college graduates today don't
wear a senior ring. I used to, and I don't hear a
notice of anybody putting them down. I say that's
very, very positive. Did you go to Muster when you
were a student?
A
few muster was held for a while.
Maybe your first one or two on the steps of the MSC.
Then they moved it inside GRO. I know in the early
70s, 72 or 73, by then it's moved into
GRO. I'm sure I went to those. They don't stand out
to me though.
When I threw our son, I said, if y'all meet me this
next year, I'd be delighted. It would be my 26th
muster. That's a commencement. Describe
commencement
when
you graduated. You know, I remember the final
review. You win. I win? Oh, actually. Who came? No,
no, from you. Oh, my family came after me.
But
I don't.
Right. As you were preparing to leave the campus
and following graduation, how well prepared did
you think you were for the real world?
Okay,
we're getting near the end. Have we left out
anything that you want to be sure
to include? What creates a new spirit?
What
are the qualities of being an ape? What are the key
ingredients of being an ape? What are the key
ingredients of being an ape?
What
has it meant to you that you attended it? What
difference did it make?
Let's
say this is the next part of your quest. If you have
any idea of any ability that you're ever going to
get rid of. Letters, autographs, I presume you
didn't keep a diary or a journal or anything. If you
ever have any of that or come across anything, This
becomes
the safe place
for those to be kept. Most of us, modern days, we
don't keep those things, but a few people did.
Okay, then next to last, If someone came in to
you and gave you a million-dollar check with only
one restriction, that it must be passed on to Texas
A&M, if you can decide what use A&M would make of it,
what
would you want them to do? In other words, what I'm
really asking you, what are the dearest parts of
A&M to you?
what feelings we get.